docs: align UI writing guidance with the new Kibana chrome (#4073) (#6693)
elastic/docs-content: contribute-docs/style-guide/ui-writing.md

:::{image} images/kibana-chrome-layout.svg
:alt: Wireframe of the Kibana chrome showing the global header, navigation menu, secondary navigation, application menu, workspace, flyout, and sidebar regions.
:::

| Term | What it refers to |
|---|---|
| **Global header** | The top bar of the Kibana chrome that hosts global controls (for example, the global search field and the space switcher). |
| **Navigation menu** | The primary navigation panel on the left side of Kibana. Its contents and structure depend on the **Solution view** setting. |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**Solution view** | The per-space setting that controls the **navigation menu**. Possible values: Search, Observability, Security, or Classic. |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**Classic view** | The non-solution option in the **Solution view** setting. Don't use "Classic" on its own, because it's ambiguous with Discover's Classic mode. |
| **Secondary navigation** | The panel that opens to the right of the navigation menu when a top-level item expands into sub-items. |
| **Application menu** | The bar above the workspace that hosts app-specific actions. |

> | **Workspace** | The main content area of the current app. |

Reviewer: While it's good to define this, I can't think of when we'd actually use this term in the docs. For the most part, we use "page" to orient users or (e.g., "on the Rules page") or describe the UX flows that users are interacting with in this area (e.g., "click x, then save your changes"). I'm speaking from my own experience ofc, so I might be missing something here.

Author: I think it may be useful in cases where you have to interact a lot between different parts of the UI on a given page. flyout <> workspace interactions are becoming more common because of integrated experiences as well as sidebar <> workspace with the agent chat when used in context. Not that common yet though, if we need it it's there. As you say no need to use workspace when it's clear enough to use page.

| **Flyout** | A panel that slides in from the right of the workspace to show contextual content. |
| **Sidebar** | The global, resizable right-hand panel where plugins register apps (for example, the Agent Builder chat). |

> This table covers the main parts of the chrome. Some elements have sub-parts (for example, child flyouts, sidebar panels) that vary by interaction. Use the table above as your starting point, then introduce additional names only when a section requires it.

Author: ```suggestion
This table covers the main parts of the interface. Some elements have sub-parts (for example, child flyouts, sidebar panels) that vary by interaction. Use the table as your starting point, then introduce additional names only when a section requires it.
```

| &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**Solution view** | The per-space setting that controls the **navigation menu**. Possible values: Search, Observability, Security, or Classic. |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**Classic view** | The non-solution option in the **Solution view** setting. Don't use "Classic" on its own, because it's ambiguous with Discover's Classic mode. |
| **Secondary navigation** | The panel that opens to the right of the navigation menu when a top-level item expands into sub-items. |
| **Application menu** | The bar above the workspace that hosts app-specific actions. |
| **Workspace** | The main content area of the current app. |
| **Flyout** | A panel that slides in from the right of the workspace to show contextual content. |
| **Sidebar** | The global, resizable right-hand panel where plugins register apps (for example, the Agent Builder chat). |

This table covers the main parts of the chrome. Some elements have sub-parts (for example, child flyouts, sidebar panels) that vary by interaction. Use the table above as your starting point, then introduce additional names only when a section requires it.

> For the phrasing to use when guiding users to a specific app or page, refer to [Referring to apps and pages](#referring-to-apps-and-pages).

Author: ```suggestion
```
